this interview was brought to you by the
pro fight shop in Hollywood Radio Raheem
with Robert Garcia Robert we were at the
last stop on this long tour
international with brandon Rios
obviously your face and Manny Pacquiao
what was it like being on the road with
Brandon going on this international tour
it was fun man it was a press true but
same time we was like a vacation for
myself and for Brandon we had a great
time we enjoyed every day out there it
was just great experience Brendan loved
it Brenner enjoyed it and now now we get
back to work and it's gonna be a great
over three months of training camp that
are we going to enjoy I'm gonna we're
gonna have a good time you know even
though bredren wasn't successful in his
last outing it seems that he's reaching
a new level of maturity maybe did he
learn anything in the first two fights
with Alvarado you know what I think I
think that that was the best in
decorative epitome we all hate to lose
and uh it hurt us at her Brandon to have
that loss in his record but i think it
was i was best thing for him to happen
especially now that we're getting
packing right away Brandon I learned so
much from that and you know he was
thinking he was na na karo way out in
two three rounds and he turned out to
know that uh that was it was a different
story you know forever for a different a
different way pulled it off in the last
two or three rounds and they made that
made the difference in that decision now
Brandon is is focused to not let that
happen again you know he's not a trend
like never before he mentally he's gonna
be ready to to go out and give the fans
a great fight you know one of the
criticisms in the second fight with
Alvarado is that Rios didn't make the
necessary adjustments now obviously he's
an exciting fighter and he's been
successful in his other bout so with
this now having been a learning
experience as you say is he going to
change his style to suit this new
opponent and this new level competition
we know we just said it was a learning
experience and uh and we got to take
advantage of those experiences of course
we're going to come out and and fight
smarter and do things differently
especially against somebody like Manny
Pacquiao we have to you know everyone
knows that your relationship with
brandon is very close taking him
international like this even Bob said he
was surprised in the
cited that he was so graceful overseas
and even here in his breast commerce he
held it together pretty good what is it
like watching him grow in that way and
how much do you have to do with with
showing him basically how to be a more
mature adult it's he's just different
than anybody else you know Brandon is
the type of person that's his own you
know if there's nobody like him but I
think a lot a lot of his maturity a lot
of the ways changes you know now that
he's married now that he's got a family
all that has helped a lot too so it
hasn't been me or people at the gym i
think i think more the fact that he's
married and that he's got kids has made
a big difference 22 the technical aspect
of this fight any sport when there's a
dominating team or an opponent that has
finally been defeated you focus on what
it was that was able to dethrone that
champion is brandon looking at that
marquez fight knowing that he has the
same or if not more power even been
marquez to throw that same shot well you
know we're not going to think that
that's the only shot that could not come
are you know or because Marcus landed
that that means we're going to land it
also know we're going to go out and do
our preparation the way we think we
could beat them Marcus is a
counter-puncher and Marcus fights on the
outside brendan is going to go out and
look for for for pressure you know
brands not try to fight on the inside
Brennan has tremendous upper caste
tremendous hooks tremendous jab and a
straight right hand so those are punches
that could affect man you know Manny
when he got knocked out by a by a great
counter that other markets true but that
doesn't mean that's the only point that
could not come out he's been knocked out
so he could get knocked out and an
uppercut could do it I left who could do
it so we're just going to go out there
and try to try to do the damage with
whichever punch lands Manny Pacquiao
Brenner wheels are not the only
superstars are going to me in that ring
in China you and Freddie Roach are also
superstars in your own right in this
sport you're both trainers of the year
and when you face each other as you have
in the past is there a rivalry there it
is important for you to beat Freddie
Roach not a robbery at all you know I
said the Rings gonna be Brandon against
Manny no nothing i could do when they're
fighting nothing nothing man you could
do when they're fighting inside the ring
is going to be between Brandon and and
many you know I don't see it as a
robbery you know it is great to be
against somebody like Freddie Roach you
know somebody that has a company so much
and has done so much I got to admire
what he's done and I got to be there
when I want to be there one day but uh
but yeah but inside the ring you know I
don't see it as a rivalry I just see it
as I'm on to my job he does his and good
luck to them and lastly Robert being a
trainer of the year you have other
superstars in your camp if i could just
turn your attention to one nonito
Donaire who we haven't seen since his
loss to Rigondeaux what's what's nonito
going through right now are you in
contact with only what's the game plan
I've stayed in cocktail with him you
know I went to visit him a couple of
weeks ago and he's in Great Spirit he's
got his baby now so he's enjoying his uh
you know new role as a dad now which is
awesome you know I'm glad that that
happened to him and the you know that's
gonna make a few changes a few
differences and the way he sees things
now now that he's got a family but yeah
you know he looks like he'll be back
sometime in november and hopefully
hopefully against a decent opponent so
he could come back and show the world
that he's not done are you saying kid's
gonna come back sometime in november
obviously this fight is at the end of
november doing the 23rd how will you
balance those two cans being both such
important fighters and its part in
fights oh we're gonna we're gonna have
to work something out we've been talking
about it with Cameron Duncan and it
looks like we're gonna get a good date
so it doesn't interfere with with
Brandon's date or when I'm gone two
weeks before the fighter to China so it
should be early in November all right
thank you and then very last thing can
you give us a prediction knowing that
Brandon Rios is not likely to get a
knockout I mean not likely to get a
decision do you think it's necessary for
him to get the knockout you know brendan
is going to be ready for whatever
happens in the rain brent is going to be
ready to go out to go out and knock
mining out but you know what i can say
is this one big great fight fans are
going to enjoy a fight that could turn
out to be part of the year even though
we've had tremendous fights this year I
think this fight has everything to be
the best one out of all thank you Radio
Raheem with Robert Garcia